ah
I can't take it dad
it was me I smoked it to the TV station
and downloaded our commercial into the
engineering system so that they play it
again but they ran it during the Super
Bowl I didn't mean for it to happen like
this I just wanted to get even with them
but now they're gonna hunt me down like
a rat I can't live like this do you hear
me I can't live like this first of all
can you shift your weight just a little
bit Thanks he didn't mean for it to
happen like this I'm sure you did but
how did you get into the engineering
room in the first place I posed as Mo's
ventriloquist dummy I'm sorry I asked
that but look TJ what were you thinking
I just wanted to save your business I'm
sorry well you know what we got to do
send them a muffin basket go down to the
station and tell them the truth
no not the truth I hate the truth it's
the only way out son but I told you
isn't that enough I think it's more than
enough I mean that took a lot of guts
and I got all of my chest now and I feel
a lot better about it now whew okay
let's go
what do you think they're gonna do to me
don't worry I'm here so you're the ones
who cost the station hundreds of
thousands of dollars actually it was
only me my dad's business was going kind
of slow so I thought a TV ad would help
so mr. Bell said we can put on a
commercial from 8:00 to 10:00 but he
made it sound like the good eight to ten
not middle-of-the-night e210 mm-hmm so
nobody saw our commercial and I just
wanted people to see it but I didn't
mean for it to be on during a Super Bowl
so you took matters into your own hands
and made the station a laughingstock and
gave me all these headaches it kind of
looks that way okay you're free to go
what to go
you're not gonna prosecute them well
let's see how with the story play on our
10 o'clock news in local news a major
Network affiliate is prosecuting the
world's cutest living ten-year-old for
trying to save his daddy's small
business well it depends on how you spin
it
fine let's see how it spins uh young man
what is your name TJ TJ can you look sad
for me now can you smile big smile and
you want me to put him on television
alongside someone like you I did not get
my job by being an idiot you know but no
buts
TJ you learn your lesson good whatever
you did don't do it again
I won't you don't have to just go back
to your office and stay out of my way
you stump wipe
look I know that you know that we can't
pay you back for that commercial but in
our house whenever one of the kids
messes up you got to make it up by doing
chores that might be raking the leaves
are taking out the trash
and I don't know what he can do around
here but not with the face like that I
think we can find something coming up
next right here on channel 59 join the
gang at Mel's Diner as they dish up the
last on Alice now let's do the next one
Gomer piles being transferred to
wednesday night's Galli followed at 8:30
by tony Browns Journal
can I go now no 80 more and then we do
the public service announcements and
save up some strength cuz you got dishes
to wash me to get home this is a test
for the next 30 seconds this station
will conduct a test for the emergency
broadcast system this is only a test
this station will conduct a test for the
emergency broadcast system this is only
a test
I'm never working for this guy again